Span Finder Suggester (#10)
explosion/spacy-experimental: README.md

The [biaffine parser sample project](projects/biaffine_parser) provides an
example biaffine parser pipeline.

### Span Finder

The SpanFinder is a new experimental component that tries to learn span boundaries by tagging potential start and end tokens. It's an ML approach on suggester functions to produce fewer and more precise span candidates. 

> `SpanFinder` requires three parameters for initialization:
> - `threshold`: Threshold of the required probabilty for predicted spans.
> - `candidates_key`: Name of the [SpanGroup](https://spacy.io/api/spangroup) in which the predicted spans are saved to.
> - `max_length`: Max length of the predicted spans (no limit when set to 0).
> - `min_length`: Min length of the predicted spans (no limit when set to 0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SpanFinder` uses the following parameters:
- `threshold`: Probability threshold for predicted spans.
- `candidates_key`: Name of the [SpanGroup](https://spacy.io/api/spangroup) the predicted spans are saved to.
- `max_length`: Max length of the predicted spans. No limit when set to `0`. Defaults to `0`.
- `min_length`: Min length of the predicted spans. No limit when set to `0`. Defaults to `0`.
```

threshold = 0.35
candidates_key = "span_candidates"
min_length = 1
max_length = 0

[components.span_finder.scorer]
@scorers = "spacy-experimental.span_finder_scorer.v1"
candidates_key = ${components.span_finder.candidates_key}

[components.span_finder.model]
@architectures = "spacy-experimental.span_finder_model.v1"

[components.span_finder.model.scorer]
@layers = "spacy.LinearLogistic.v1"
nO=2

[components.span_finder.model.tok2vec]
@architectures = "spacy.Tok2VecListener.v1"
width = ${components.tok2vec.model.encode.width}

[components.spancat]
factory = "spancat"
max_positive = null
spans_key = ${paths.span_key}
threshold = 0.5

[components.spancat.model]
@architectures = "spacy.SpanCategorizer.v1"

[components.spancat.model.reducer]
@layers = "spacy.mean_max_reducer.v1"
hidden_size = 128

[components.spancat.model.scorer]
@layers = "spacy.LinearLogistic.v1"
nO = null
nI = null

[components.spancat.model.tok2vec]
@architectures = "spacy.Tok2VecListener.v1"
width = ${components.tok2vec.model.encode.width}

[components.spancat.suggester]
@misc = "spacy-experimental.span_finder_suggester.v1"
candidates_key = ${components.span_finder.candidates_key}
```

> This package includes a [spaCy project](./projects/span_finder) which shows how to train and use the `SpanFinder` together with `Spancat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package includes a [spaCy project](./projects/span_finder) which shows how to train and use the `SpanFinder` together with `SpanCategorizer`.
```

The [biaffine parser sample project](projects/biaffine_parser) provides an
example biaffine parser pipeline.

### Span Finder

The SpanFinder is a new experimental component that identifies span boundaries
by tagging potential start and end tokens. It's an ML approach to suggest
candidate spans with higher precision.

`SpanFinder` uses the following parameters:
- `threshold`: Probability threshold for predicted spans.
- `candidates_key`: Name of the [SpanGroup](https://spacy.io/api/spangroup) the predicted spans are saved to.

> - `reference_key`: Name of the [SpanGroup](https://spacy.io/api/spangroup) the reference spans are read from.

Reviewer: Rename
